Hello everyone, once again let us down
the outcome of the action this time the action was on
doctor strange
and the three stars occupied nine nine hundred
seventy first place got your
strange and two crystals
on 4 stars behind them you are the fifth figure
place as well as last time especially
did not strain scored about 800 thousand
points and further did not begin to play also
let's start discovering our crystals
accumulated a lot of crystals in
particulars there is a wizard crystal in it
supposedly there is a doctor strange let's
time and see if he's here while i'm his
I do not see
star year was captain marvel raccoon
was a four star doctor
strange is not seen who is interesting
the thread won him out of this crystal
obviously not we again up to star top
already the seventh
once again convinced that the meaning of
These crystals are not about what a crystal is.
brutality that crystal science what
wizard crystal nothing sensible from
they did not fall out although worth decent
money that I think no longer will they
buy these crystals ball save up for
four-star sheets also have
there is a huge amount of 2 4 star
crystals as many as 14 let's hope that
win something worthwhile also open
button so what we see yes there is a whole
one three star captain america
but the principle is not bad considering that
boars here cheated in these crystals
at least one three-star 10 crystals
for me it is not bad yes it is the first dubai
captain america at 3 stars
so open ability on step
backwards
also we have 4 more left
crystal buy action again
I will not spend
I will save take these messages and
open 4 more crystals so what we see
three star again and again captain
America lucky us today railing
ability will be on level 16
I think in principle, not bad before
It could be worse
also we have 7 union crystals
who will open the button to not lose
time and once again was a star
the irresistible colossus we see that his crown
increases by as much as two points
it's pretty cool interesting on three
stars she will increase plus 16
if someone knows then write in
comments on this and
let's look at our doctor
Stefan Strange we read his biography
and look at his abilities
Special Attack Magic Projectile 3 of
all tina and prestige
in also quite interesting abilities
I think it will be pretty strong
interesting character
communicate this is his one of the most
interesting characters in the universe
marvel looking forward to the movie
which marvel announced in the third
phase
so quite a lot of bonuses with energy and
let's see biographies
on this all subscribe to the channel
Like everyone for now